[Music]
gladiator begins may seem like a
run-of-the-mill hack and slash scream
but those who give this little gem a
chance will realize that despite its
simple gameplay and design
it could well be one of the most
enjoyable games on the psp the premise
is simple
you create a character and pit him in
combat with other gladiators with the
goal being to gain enough money to win
your freedom as the game largely centers
around fighting there are several
different styles the player can choose
from when creating a gladiator
these styles are simply tied to
different weapons from swords to spears
and shields that all offer up a
selection of ways to take on enemies
during combat you have access to a wide
range of attacks as well as several
skills that can help turn the tide of a
battle for every battle you participate
in you'll gain attribute points money
and skills the attribute points are used
in order to raise your vitality
endurance and strength whilst the money
you require is used to buy equipment
mainly in the form of armor sets that
all grant you an array of benefits
but most of the money is put towards
attaining your freedom if you're looking
for an exciting and rewarding game on
the psp
gladiator begins more than fits the bill
[Music]
pursuit force is a game that thrives on
originality by mixing several concepts
together into a solid experience that
results in one of the finest action
games on the psp
as the player you're part of an elite
group known as the pursuit force which
is being assigned to take down
six gangs that are causing havoc across
the city the gameplay is largely split
up into missions
that sees you taking out each of the
gangs in a variety of exciting ways the
gameplay is the real star of the show
here now the main aspect that will stand
out is the ability to leap from moving
vehicles onto another
all of the action is exceptionally fast
the game never lulls in this regard for
more than a few seconds at most there's
always something going on another brave
neck pays to boot when you mix this in
with the simple controls it is
absolutely sublime visually pursuit
force impresses
mostly in terms of its scope relative to
the speed character models and vehicles
are very detailed with each gang car
being distinctive and original as are
those of regular pedestrians and even
your character's police supply transport
it all looks stunning on the handheld
screen although the game isn't perfect
due to its somewhat ridiculous story and
lack of difficulty
it's nothing less sours the overall
experience mainly due to the incredible
gameplay that's on offer
[Music]
the first thing to get out of the way
when it comes to ultimate ghost on
goblins
is the unforgiving nature of the
experience it's a game that's not afraid
to challenge the player and the pointer
will feel like it just simply hates you
you take on the role of arthur who
possesses a selection of abilities to
help you deal with the crushing
difficulty from wielding bombs to
crossbows and boomerangs as well as
several sets of armor that each offer
unique abilities the adventurer is
largely split up into different levels
with each stage being well designed with
plenty of areas off the beaten path to
explore and find a variety of secret
items
magic spells and armor which is
scattered throughout each level on the
gameplay front i would be remiss
not to mention the jumping this one
aspect of the game is the main reason
why it received mixed reviews upon its
release
you can't change the direction of the
jump in mid-air once you commit to
jumping you have to follow through it
may have the potential to turn some
players away but for those who are
willing to take the time to master its
rather archaic approach to gameplay a
solid and rewarding experience away to
the tail series has always been one of
my go-to rpgs
and just like many other successful
franchises a variety of spin-offs
usually see the light of day
tales of verses takes much inspiration
from the likes of smash bros it takes a
range of characters from the series past
and pitched them together into an arena
based fighting game
if you've ever played the series before
the battling system will instantly feel
familiar there's a total of 35
characters who each possess
a range of basic attacks as well as
special abilities known as art that have
the potential to turn the tide of a
battle in the blink of an eye
unlike smash bros though every character
has hp and tp
meaning the only way to knock someone
out is to keep attacking them with
regular attacks and mats
until their hp reaches zero there's also
items that randomly appear throughout
the stage for any of the characters to
use
with the good thing being that these
items can also be turned off for those
that don't want to play with them as
with most fighters there's a choice of
different modes for the player to
indulge the main attraction being the
story with quick battle
survival and verses help him to pad off
the experience once you've made your way
through the narrative now tales of
voices won't be for everyone but if
you're a fan of the franchise there's
more than enough on offer to warrant a
purchase
[Music]
the psp was home to a huge selection of
incredible fighting games but one that
often gets overlooked is dark stalkers
the chaos tower it's essentially a
collection of swords that takes all of
the characters
music and endings from previous games
and brings them together into a complete
package the gameplay is pretty standard
if you're at all familiar with 2d
fighting games with each character
having a selection of basic attacks and
a range of special abilities that forms
the basis of the fighting system there's
a generous amount of fighters included
so trying out each is a good idea to
find which one suits you best and they
all offer a nice amount of variety
from towering beasts to the more
traditional fighters the series is well
known for now one of the best features
of the game is the amount of modes the
player can choose from with the main one
being the chaos tower it consists of
about 100 floors of battles
with many of them unlocking art and
different rewards you choose your three
favorite fighters and before
each floor you choose which one you'll
use for the impending battle and fight
but if you lose health in that battle
you only regenerate a little for each
floor which is what makes this mode
harder if you're a fan of the series
this one is a no-brainer and is bound to
offer up hours upon
hours of entertainment
the psp was no stranger to quality
platformers but one that often gets
overlooked this loco roco the second in
the series is quite easily one of my
favorite games on the system the vibrant
and colorful charm of the experience is
something that has always stayed with me
the gameplay is easily the best feature
rather than using the face buttons it
relies on the shoulder buttons of the
psp
to tilt the playing field to roll the
loco roque one way or another hitting
both buttons at the same time
jolts the level upward to send your
character into the air although the
controls are simple
as the game progresses it does get a lot
more complex due to the incredible level
design
each has its own theme from icy slopes
to less jungles and tropical waters with
several enemies and obstacles to avoid
in use
if you want to breeze through the game
as fast as possible you can do so in
about 4
hours however you'll entirely miss out
on all of the secrets including
alternate level paths bonus levels and
the real final boss of the game
logo roko 2 would make a worthy addition
to anyone's psp library
while the difficulty to complete each
level from start to finish
isn't very large trying to achieve the
best ending local roku 2 has to offer is
a far greater challenge
[Music]
e7 once again sees you taken up the role
of the famous adventurer adolf don't let
the seven in the title put you off
though as it's largely a standalone
adventure that doesn't really require
any knowledge of the past games to enjoy
this time around they see you traveling
to the island of altairo in search of a
new journey and it isn't long before you
get entangled into a plot that involves
the fate of the entire kingdom
as with most rpgs you can expect to be
visiting a range of locations and
interacting with a lovable cast of npcs
that all help to flesh out and add a
real weight to the world the battling
system is presented in real time and
sees the player utilizing up to two
separate party members
this of course provides some much
welcome gameplay variety as each
character has their own weapons and
skills
certain enemies that you run into will
have various weaknesses or strengths
this gives the game a sort of rock paper
scissors vibe to its combat which often
forces you to keep a well-balanced team
to easily take care of enemies this is
no more apparent than when taken on
bosses you can tell special attention
was placed into each boss fight with all
of them possessing varied and special
attacks
as well as just generally being
fantastically well designed
e7 is a great rpg adding the solid
graphics fantastic boss fights and
outstanding music
and what you have is something that
should not be missed
star soldier is essentially a remake of
the classic shooter that appeared on the
nes
the psp vision is an enhanced port of
the playstation 2
and gamecube release and soon becomes
the best version of the game
one of the most unique features of the
experience is the player having to turn
their psp
console vertically in order to play the
game it can feel a bit weird at first
for sure but it won't take you long
before you forget and that's where the
fun starts
right from the gecko the level of
difficulty is bound to hit you
star soldier is not a walk in the park
and may have the potential to steer some
players away because of it but if you
stick with it and get used to the
several mechanics
in place it soon becomes one of the best
shooters on the system at the beginning
you get to choose from three different
ships so trying out each is essential
for newcomers in order to find out which
one suits you best
naturally there's a ton of different
powerups and items that may have taken
on the onslaught of enemies
all the more manageable which really
come in handy across the several boss
encounters that make up the experience
as well they're all meticulously
designed both visually and mechanically
which makes taking on each a real test
of patience and strategy
if you're on the lookout for a solid
shooter on the psp star soldier is well
worth picking up
[Music]
dante's inferno is a game that weighs
its inspiration on its sleeves if you're
at all familiar
with god of war you'll instantly know
what to expect as the player you take up
the fight is dante and are plunged into
an adventure
that spans the depths of hell as you
search for your father to ultimately
find a way to save him dante's primary
weapon is a scythe with you possessing
both quick and
strong attacks as well as arranged cross
abilities that all form the basis of the
combat system
as you take down enemies you'll gain
experience which could be spent on
learning new skills and abilities that
help further flesh out the options
available to you but perhaps the most
interesting part of the game
is the fact that you can choose to
punish or absorb certain enemies
after you've made your choice you'll get
either red or blue orbs which will level
up your
unholy or holy paths respectively each
new level you obtain on these paths
gives you access to even more abilities
the game also has some platforming
elements to it as well with quite a bit
of wall climbing and the occasional
puzzle that manages to break up the
gameplay between encounters much like
god of war a real highlight of the
bosses and they soon become one of the
best aspects of the game overall it
never quite reaches the heights of its
contemporary but it does offer up an
enjoyable take on the god of war formula
and manages to stand on its own as a
great adventure
[Music]
for fans of the first valkyria
chronicles hearing that the sequel was
going to be exclusive to the psp
was a bit of a blow the first game was
widely celebrated for its unique visual
style and many thought that it simply
wasn't going to be
possible on the psp thankfully it
managed to retain nearly
every aspect of the original and present
one of the best entries in the series
it's essentially a turn-based strategy
game that sees the player taking control
of a character
and commanding a variety of units as you
would expect things have been scaled
down a bit with the battlefields being a
bit smaller but it's nothing that takes
away from the core premise of the
gameplay
one aspect of the game that stands out
is the sheer amount of customization
available to the player there is
literally hundreds of options that makes
building the perfect squad all the more
easier and with up to 30 different
classes and 30 plus side characters to
develop relationships with it's a game
that just keeps on giving well that does
it for today's video
don't forget to hit subscribe and follow
me on all of the socials to stay up to
date on future videos and to take part
in giveaways you can also join our
growing community on discord and meet
many the like-minded gamers to continue
the conversation with i'd like to give a
special shout out to our patreon
supporters
rhino skill gym nano steve and paddy j
for their continued support that helps
make these videos possible if you're
interested in joining our discord or
supporting the channel through patreon
you'll find the links in the description
as always
thanks for taking the time to watch the
video i'll catch you next time
you